
----------#1 KEMNGO Christmas Cardigan for Women 2022 Casual Lightweight Open Front Cardigan Long Sleeve Graphic Tops Shirts--------------

name: #1 KEMNGO Christmas Cardigan for Women 2022 Casual Lightweight Open Front Cardigan Long Sleeve Graphic Tops Shirts

img(gallery): https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81f-pwJa92L._AC_UL900_SR900,600_.jpg

price: $7.79

brief: 
100% Polyester
Please confirm to buy this product from KEMNGO store before placing an order. Other stores are not authorized by our store.If you place an order from other stores, you may not get the product and your money, and our store will not be responsible for any loss caused by this.Thank you for your great support.
🎄Service: If you have any problem with the product you purchased, please contact us by email, we will reply within 24 working hours, if what you received is not what you expected, we will give you a satisfactory solution.
🎄Size: Please check the size chart before you buy.Our size is a bit small,if you want more loose fit,please choose one size up. lining
brown blazer for women women's outerwear yellow plaid blazer blazer jackets for women womens black blazer black blazer for women royal blue blazer for women blazer men womens vests outerwear lightweight yellow blazer for women casual blazer for women womens blazers casual womens blazers black blazer sweater blazer black blazer men blue blazer for women womens casual blazer leather blazer women navy blue blazer red blazer men womens blazers for work striped blazer sweater blazer women blazer
jacket womens denim jacket black rain jacket army jacket women womens puffer jackets girls fleece jacket sherpa lined jacket winter jackets for women feaux leather jacket womens long puffer jacket hooded flannel jacket women rain jackets for women waterproof workout jackets for women faux fur jackets for women shirt jacket women womens flannel jacket with hood leather jacket women zip up jackets for women camel jacket girls jackets size 10-12 pink lady jacket blue jean jacket for women
jackets winter western jackets for women polo jackets for women flannel jackets for women with hood faux fur jacket for women women's varsity jackets green jacket women winter jackets women fleece jacket shirt jackets for women black scrub jacket yellow jacket yellow jacket killer anorak jacket women shacket jacket women summer jackets for women white jean jacket for women plus size denim jacket skeleton jacket sherpa fleece jacket cropped puffer jacket goth jacket jackets for women fashion
Show more

description: 
KEMNGO is a young company, but this does not affect our quality products and services.We have our own warehouse in China and USA, The long distance can not stop our enthusiasm to connect with all of you. Our dedicated team of co-workers are still hard at work bringing you fine quality merchandise at a great value delivered with exceptional customer service.


Service Spells Success

We offer fine quality products at money-saving prices, and would never settle for anything less than prompt, friendly service.  We always treat each and every customer as if she were our one and only customer.  We can't imagine doing business any other way.  It's the right thing to do!

Shipping Details

Items will be shipped within 3 business day on payment received. 

Reach most of the countries within10 to 18 business days, Arrived in US and UK about 10~14 days! with tracking number.If you do not receive the item within the specified time, Please feel free to contact us.We will ensure our customers' interest will not be damaged!

Please make sure your address is correct before you pay.

Please check your measurements from our webpage to make sure the item fits before ordering.

Warm Prompt
 
We are believe "Communication is the most beautiful language in the world".

If there is any dissatisfaction after receiving the Items, please contact us first, we will provide a solution to your satisfaction.

Thanks!
Your sincerely,
KEMNGO

country: None

ID of product: B0BKKDPV5R

ratings: 0 global ratings

details: 

      Date First Available :  October 26, 2022
      ASIN :  B0BKKPTP2P
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------




----------#2 Amazon Basics Neoprene Workout Dumbbell--------------

name: #2 Amazon Basics Neoprene Workout Dumbbell

img(gallery): https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71sRTA09UXL._AC_UL900_SR900,600_.jpg

price: $25.15

brief: 
About this item
Dumbbell hand weights for exercise and resistance training; ideal for fitness classes, home gym, or workout area
Includes 6 dumbbells in 3 sizes: 2, 3, and 5 pounds (2 each, 20 pounds total), plus an easy-to-assemble storage stand
Cast iron construction with neoprene coating for durability, safety, and a non-slip grip
Printed weight number on each end cap and color coded for quick identification
Hexagonal shape prevents dumbbells from rolling away
Product dimensions: 8.2 x 6.7 x 8.9 inches (LxWxH)

description: 


country: None

ID of product: B0727Q5F94

ratings: 72,637 global ratings

details: 

      Brand  Amazon Basics
      Color  Multicolor
      Item Weight  3 Pounds
      Product Dimensions  8.19"L x 6.69"W
      Style  20-Pounds total - 3 Pairs (2-Lb, 3-Lb, 5-Lb) & Weight Rack
      Handle Material  Iron
      Number of Pieces  7
      Item Package Dimensions L x W x H  10.63 x 10.63 x 9.84 inches
      Package Weight  8 Kilograms
      Item Dimensions LxWxH  8.19 x 6.69 x 8.86 inches
      Brand Name  Amazon Basics
      Suggested Users  unisex-adult
      Manufacturer  Amazon Basics
      Part Number  IR92004FT-20LB
      Size  20-Pound Set with Stand
      ASIN  B0727Q5F94
      Customer Reviews  72,637 ratings
4.8 out of 5 stars
      Best Sellers Rank  #2 in Sports & Outdoors (See Top 100 in Sports & Outdoors)
#1 in Exercise & Fitness Dumbbells
      Date First Available  August 10, 2017
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



